c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\demo.dll.config
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\demo.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\demo.pdb
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.InternalAbstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\obj\Debug\demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\obj\Debug\demo.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\obj\Debug\demo.pdb
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\veerecha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SwagerDemo\demo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
